In terms of wisdom,
is there mechanisms by which you kind of observe the negative thoughts
and let them go. So you have, uh,
people like the David Goggins who kind of, they,
he seems to almost like separate his mind into there's the weak
David that he hates. And then there's this strong one. I mean,
there's like a very contentious relationship there.
Uh, so he basically says like,
I refuse to be that person and he's almost like angry at that person.
He's almost like sometimes literally yelling at that person,
the weak version of themselves.
And then there's another more sort of Sam Harey approach,
which is like, just observe the thought and let it go.
Maybe knowing that this too shall pass, like,
no matter what it,
this moment will not last forever and kind of sort of accepting the natural flow
of things and taking one step at a time and allowing whatever the negativity,
whatever the pain you're experiencing, just to, even if it means a death March,
which one is more effective for you, which one, like,
would you say generally speaking to the population is more effective?
Mm-hmm <affirmative> yeah, that's a really good question. It, it,
it's probably unique to the individual. I wouldn't argue that, you know,
David is finding success with his approach.
<laugh> some may, it's an extreme version. Uh, you know,
Sam has obviously thought about these things and, and, uh, really probably,
you know,
I see those guys as kind of two ends of the spectrum and just the way that they
kind of come across in general, where like,
David's like really at you a kind of high energy,
and Sam's kind of this calming soft presence,
and he's just gonna slowly methodically lay it all out there.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> and I think there's value on in both of those.
I think most people are probably gonna get a benefit from pulling some from
each, I mean, there's times where,
where I need a kick in the and then it's like, have the strong act,
tell the weak act to get moving, but there's also times where, you know,
it's just, you know, a subtle voice entering my head about, you know,
I don't know if I feel quite right now, should I maybe pull back on the pace?
And I think that little subtle voice is best approached with a subtle positive
voice where it's more like, okay, well,
let's think this through here for a second,
you're 40 miles into a hundred mile race, you spent four months for it. Uh,
you know, from the workouts you did that, you're ready for this.
There really isn't any real reason for you to slow down or to
fall off your goal or your pace, or, you know, reassess what you're doing.
Let's just give this another mile or two,
and then we can reassess if we need to.
And in order to kind of figure out if I'm doing the, of right things or not.
And I think like in that situation, um,
you definitely probably wanna lean more towards the Sam Harris approach with
that, because there's really no reason to,
it's almost like the same thing you see with like just training and even
nutrition to a degree where like some folks, they just wanna be like,
kind of like drilled.
They want to be like yelled at and said, like, get going, get doing this.
And that helps. And that motivates them. That helps 'em stay accountable.
Other people need some softer love with it where it's like, you know,
this isn't necessarily your thought your, your fault,
you were put in this environment that kind of created an atmosphere of lethargy
and maybe poor nutritional choices and things like that. And, and like, so,
but it's, it's correctable. So we need to, we need to step away from that.
And we need to kind of start heading in the direction that we know is gonna bear
fruit down the road and that person may respond better to that.
So I think both those guys have great value with their approaches.
They're just probably polar into the, of the spectrum.
And I think most people are probably gonna benefit like anything, right?
You get the polarizing ones and those are gonna work right for the polarizing
people, but then most people are gonna fit somewhere in the middle.
So they're probably gonna be able to kind of pull from both of those,
if they're able to sit down and kind of like assess which one's gonna work
better or in which situation.